The narrator tells us that when he was six, he saw a beautiful picture in an educational book about a Boa constrictor, a snake that swallows its prey whole. He was fascinated by the image and began to draw boas. He showed his drawings to adults, and they told him to stop drawing because they couldn't understand it. So he gave up drawing and learned to fly an airplane. He has traveled all over the world, and he says that geography is very useful. He says that he has met a lot of adults, but he doesn't like them because they always tell him what he's drawing is a "hat." He has lived his life alone, until he had an accident in his plane in the Sahara. He had no mechanic or passengers with him, so he set out to fix the engine alone. He didn't have much drinking water, so the first night he slept on the dune. He woke up when a little voice told him, "If you will draw me a Sheep. " He was a child, and was lost in the desert. He asked him to draw him a sheep because he lived in a place where "everything is very small." So the boy asked the boy to draw a small sheep. The boy rejected all of the sheep that the boy tried to draw, and finally the boy gave up and said that the sheep was inside the box that the little boy was holding. The little boy told the boy that where he lives, "each thing is small." The boy asked if the sheep would have to have lots of grass, and the boy said that there would be enough grass. Then the boy laughed and said, "So you too, come out of the sky. Which is your Planet?" The narrator explains that he threw away the drawing of the little Prince because he was too busy to take his engine apart. He tells the Prince that the sheep is inside the box. The Prince is very surprised and says that the grass will be enough for the sheep. He asks if the sheep has to be very old. The little Prince says that it is not so small that it would have to have lots of grass. The Little Prince asks many questions. He never seems to hear the questions that the narrator asks him. The first question he asks is about his airplane. The flier flies, and the little prince says that that is his airplane, too. He laughs at that, which annoys the little man. He then asks about the other planets, and he says that they are not very far away. He says that where he lives, things are very small. He adds that no one can get very far ahead of him. This is important because it shows that the Little Prince came from a very tiny planet. The planet is called Asteroid 612, and it has only been seen once before. The Turkish astronomers who saw it in 1909 were dressed in Turkish costumes, so no one believed them. But in 1920, when the Turkish dictator made it illegal for his subjects to wear Turkish clothes, everyone accepted the report. The reason that the grown- ups do not ask questions about the little boy is that they do not understand life. They only ask how old he is, how many brothers he has, how much money his father makes, and so on. They do not know anything about the boy. If they knew anything about him, they would treat him like a kid. But for people who understand life figures are not important at all The narrator begins the story by explaining that he does not want to begin with a fairy-tale like "Once Upon a Time. He wants to tell the truth, so he begins with the story of his friend, the little prince, and his need for a sheep. He has already lost his friend six years ago, and he wants to make sure he never forgets him. He buys some paints and pencils so that, when he grows up, he can draw. He makes some mistakes, like a mistake in the color of the prince's costume. The little prince never explains anything to the narrator, but he tells him that the sheep eat small bushes, which, in turn, eat the small baobab trees. The baoba trees grow very large, and when they are too large, they split the planet in half. The prince says that the worms that live on the planet eat these small trees, too. Then the prince asks the sailor if the sheep also eat flowers The narrator explains that he was inspired to draw the baobs because he had to. He had been looking for a way to help the little prince. The baobab is the only drawing in the book that the little Prince has asked him to draw. The little Prince had found his only entertainment in looking at sunsets. On the fourth day of his life, the little princess asked him if they could go look at the sunset together. He said that they had to wait until it was time. He was surprised, but then he laughed to himself. He explained that on his tiny planet, he could see the sunset whenever he wanted. The two of them went and looked at the sun forty-four days in a row. One day, the prince asked him whether a sheep could eat flowers. The boy explained that a sheep eats anything in its reach. The prince asked if a flower had thorny stems. Then he asked what use were the horns, and the boy explained, "They have a use just for spite." The little princess was upset, and said that flowers were weak creatures. The boys argued back and forth, and finally the prince said that the flowers were not weak, but naive. He believed that their horn were terrible weapons. The young man was upset that the prince did not believe him, and he argued that the young man had been busy with "matter of consequence." The prince was angry that the boy mixed up everything, and that the flower was in danger of being eaten by the sheep. He argued further that if the flower were destroyed, then all the stars would be darkened. He sobbed, and then the narrator took him in his arms and comforted him with the knowledge that his flower was safe. He promised to draw him a rail to put around the flower. The flora on the little planet had always been simple. They only had one ring with petals, and they were easy to grow and to dispose of. But then one day, a seed was blown and a new type of flower was born. It was a beautiful flower, with many petals and many colors. The flower wore her colors carefully, and one morning, she showed herself. She asked the young prince to think of her needs, and when  The Little Prince learns to love the flower. He is enchanted by her beauty, but he is also envious of her power. He wants to protect her from the wind and from animals, but she tells him that he must let her go. The Prince goes to visit an asteroid, where he encounters a royal king. The king orders him to yawning, for it is improper for a prince to do so in his presence The little prince is now on an asteroidal planet, ruled by a King. The King orders him to yawning, which the little prince cannot do because he is so tired. The Prince asks the King what he rules over, and the King answers that he "rules over everything. The little Prince ask the King to order the sun to rise, and he does. The Little Prince is now bored, so he asks to be excused so that the King can make him a Minister of Justice, since there is no one to judge on his own planet The little prince is on his way back to the kingdom when he comes across a tavern owner who is drinking. The owner tells the little prince that he owns the stars, which makes him very rich. The prince asks him how he came to own them, and the owner explains that no one else ever thought of doing this. The little prince asks the businessman what he does with the stars. The businessman says that he owns the stars, just like a diamond or an island. He counts them and puts them in a bank. The little Prince thinks this is poetic, but not very consequential. He continues on his journey to find a profession for himself. On the fifth planet, he finds a lamp-lighter who lights his lamp according to orders. The orders have not changed since the days of the king. The lamp- lighter says that the planet turns around every minute, so he has to light his lamp every minute to keep track of time. He says he always wants to rest, but that is impossible because he must follow the orders. He is unlucky. On his sixth planet, the little Prince encounters a Geographer, who uses a large map to show where all the oceans, rivers and towns are. The little prince is traveling around his little planet when he runs into a guy who's a scientist. The scientist explains that the little prince's planet is too small for three people to travel around it. The little Prince is bummed out. He wishes he could be friends with the scientist. But the scientist's world is too big for two people to live on it. He's sad that he has to leave his little world. The next planet is ten times bigger than the previous one. It's called the sixth planet. The guy who lives there is a Geographer. The Little Prince is excited to meet a real person. The Geographer tells the Little Prince that explorers don't really exist on his planet. They're only useful to the Geographer, who keeps track of where all the explorer-people have been and what they saw. If a explorer lies or drinks too much, his reputation as an explorer will be ruined. So, the Geography guy asks the little Prince to describe his world to him. The Prince tells him about his three active volcanoes and a flower. He says that his flower is "the most beautiful thing" on his world, but that it's also "ephemal" - which means that it will soon disappear. The geography guy says that the Earth is the best place to visit. The prince is sad to leave the flower, but he's happy to know that Earth has a reputation for being a good place to live. The narrator tells us that before electricity was invented, it would have been necessary to maintain an army of 46,511 lamp-lighters to light the streets of the world. This would be a magnificent sight to behold. He also warns us not to mislead our readers by telling them that the world is so big that all of humanity could fit into one small island. When the prince first arrives on Earth, there are no humans. He meets a snake, and the two talk for a while. The snake explains that the desert is lonely without people, and that people are lonely on Earth because they have no roots. The prince crosses the desert and meets only one flower, and he asks her where the men are. The flower tells him that there are seven or eight caravans of men traveling across the desert, but that they have lost their way and are blown away by the wind. Then the prince climbs a mountain, hoping to get a good view of the whole planet. He sees nothing, but peaks of sharp rock. He says good morning to the echo, and it replies, "Good morning, who are you?" The prince says, "I am alone, all alone-all alone. The echo repeats that he is all alone, and then the prince walks into a garden of roses. He asks them who they are, and they say they are roses, just like him. He is saddened, thinking that his flower, which had told him he was special because he had a unique flower, had been wrong. He lies down in the garden and cries. The fox appears and asks the little prince to play with him. The little Prince says he cannot, because the fox is not tame The little prince walks through the sand and snow until he comes to a road, where he sees a garden full of roses. He asks who they are, and they tell him they are roses, too. He is saddened because his flower had said that he was unique, and here were thousands of them all looking exactly the same. He thinks of how his flower would be if he saw that, and imagines how he would have to pretend to nurse her back to health if she saw that. He falls down and cries, and the fox comes out of the apple tree to greet him. The little Prince says hello to the Fox, who says hello back. The Prince asks the Fox to play with him, but the Fox says he isn't tamored. He explains that taming is an act that's too often neglected, and that it means establishing ties. To the Fox , the Prince is nothing more than "a little boy, just like countless other little boys" , and he has no need of the Prince. But the Prince has a need for the Fox. If the two of them are tamimed, then they will need each other, and then the two will be unique. The Little Prince is beginning to understand, but he still doesn't understand what the rites are. The Fox explains them, and says that if the Little Prince ties him up, then he will be happy. Then the  Fox says that his life is monotonous because he hunts chickens, and men hunt him. If he were tampered, he says, then his life would be different. He would be happy to hear the wind in a wheat field, and his hair would be golden, like the Prince's. The prince asks what he must do to tangle the foxy, and asks if there's anything he can do to help. The answer is yes, the narrator tells us, because men have no time to understand things. Men buy things from stores, but they don't have time to make friendships. So the Prince sits down in the field and says nothing, and waits for the next day. The next day, the little Prince comes back. He says it would The Little Prince Tames the Fox Before the fox leaves, he tells the little prince that his roses are unique in the world. He then gives the prince a secret: what is essential to the eye is invisible tothe heart. The little Prince meets a switchman and a merchant selling pills to quell thirst. The merchant tells him that with the pills, a person can do whatever he likes without worrying about being thirsty. The prince then decides that he wants to walk at his leisure toward "fresh water. The fox agrees to walk with the little Prince because he is also thirsty and wants to find a well. They walk for several hours and finally find the well. The desert is beautiful because of the well hidden in it, the littleprince says. Then he drops off to sleep. As he does so, the narrator feels "deeply moved and stirred The Prince and the fox walk for hours in the desert until they find a well. The Prince asks for water, and the little boy agrees that it may be good for his heart. He also says that the stars are beautiful because of the "flower that can be seen." The desert is beautiful, the little prince adds, because of "that somewhere hidden it hides the well." The boy remembers that when he was a boy, he lived in an abandoned house with a legend that there was buried a secret treasure there. He agrees with the Prince that the desert, the house, the starry sky--whatever it is that makes it beautiful, it is "something that is invisible." The Prince is glad that the little fox agrees. As the Prince sleeps, the boy takes him in his arms and sets out walking again. He feels deeply moved and stirred, and he thinks that he is carrying a "fragile treasure." He thinks of the little Prince as being like a flame, and feels the need to protect him. He finds the well at dawn. The well is not like the ones in the Sahara, because it is not dug in sand; it is a hole in the ground. The pulley is singing as the Prince sets it to work. The water is as sweet as "some special festival treat." The little prince asks the boy to give him some to drink. He understands what the boy was looking for. He says that what the men in his town are looking for can be found in a single rose or in ten drops of water. The little Prince says that one must look with his heart, and that the eyes are "blind." The water makes the boy happy, and his grief is relieved. The Little Prince says he must keep his promise. He asks if the boy will draw him a sheep muzzle. The boy says that it is impossible, because he cannot draw anything except "boa constrictor from the outside, and boa contrctors from the inside. The prince laughs at the boy's inability to draw. He then says that tomorrow will be the anniversary of his descent to the Earth. He flushes, and again the boy has a sense of sorrow, but he does not understand why. Then the boy asks him if it The Prince tells Jim that he will be returning to his engine that evening. He tells him that the place where he landed is not the same as the place he is going to. He asks Jim to wait for him at the foot of a ruined wall. Jim does not see anyone and does not understand what the Prince is talking about. He is only twenty meters away. The Prince asks if Jim has good poison. Jim stops in his tracks and tears his heart to pieces. He does not know what to do. The Little Prince tell Jim to go away. Jim sees a yellow snake approaching. He jumps away from the snake. The snake disappears. He catches the Prince in his arms. He looks white as snow and asks what is going on. He had given the Prince some water. He puts his arms around Jim's neck. He says he too is going back home. Jim realizes that something extraordinary is happening. He holds the Prince close to him as if the Prince were a child. He feels the Prince's heart beating like he had been shot with a rifle. The little Prince says that now he can go home. He adds that it is much harder than he thought it would be. He seems to be rushing head long toward an oblivion. Jim tells the Little Prince that the Prince wants to hear his laughter again. The prince says that tonight will be he year anniversary of his landing. He will be living in one of the star's that can laugh. He laughs again. He promises that when his sorrow is comforting, he and Jim will be friends. Jim will sometimes open his window and laugh at the sky. Then his friends will think he's crazy. He warns Jim not to come that night because the snake might bite him. He also says that the snake has no more poison to give him for the second bite. That night, Jim doesn't see the Prince leave. When he does, the Prince takes him by the hand. The prince tells Alphonse that he will be living in one of the star systems, and that if Alphonses ever looks up at the night sky, he should laugh because the stars will always make him laugh. Alone with the prince, Virgil explains that the prince is worried that the snake will bite him. The prince reassures him that the poison in the snake's bite will not be enough to kill him. That night, the prince and Alphonze walk together. The Prince is worried about what will happen to his body when he reaches Earth. He is afraid that Alphonze will see him as if he were dead, and explains to him that his body is too heavy to carry with him. He explains, however, that his shell will be like a "old abandoned shell," and that there is nothing sad in old shells. He then explains his responsibility for the flower on his planet. He says that the flower is weak and naive, and has only four horns to protect herself. He sits down because he is afraid, and then he gets up. He takes one step, and falls down. He does not cry out, and does not make any noise. Six years have passed since then. The companion who met the prince on his return were happy to see him alive, but Alphonza tells them that she is tired. Now her sorrow is lessened, but she still feels that the Prince did not return to his planet because she did not find him at dawn. She loves to look at the starry sky at night, and she wonders what is happening to the little prince. She thinks that the sheep have eaten the flower. At other times, she is happy and the laughter of the stars is sweet. But then she thinks of the times when the prince was absent-minded and the bells were changed to tears. She tells the reader that this is the "loveliest and saddiest landscape" in the world