The narrator tells us that when he was six, he saw a beautiful picture in an encyclopedia about a Boa constrictor, a kind of snake that swallows its prey whole. He was fascinated by the picture and made his own drawing. He showed his drawing to his grown-up friends and asked them if they were afraid of the hat. They said that they were not, and that the drawing was not of a real hat, but of an elephant being swallowed by a snake. They told him that he should stop drawing snakes and concentrate on geography, astronomy, history, and grammar instead. At the age of 6, he gave up his dream of becoming a paint artist and learned to fly an airplane. He has flown all over the world and has been able to distinguish different countries from each other. Whenever he meets someone who seems to be at a higher level of understanding than he is, however, they always tell him that his drawing is a mistake and that it is not of any real significance. He lives his life alone until he has an accident with his plane in the Sahara six years ago and is forced to live in the desert. He is stranded and is very close to death when a little boy approaches him and asks him to draw him a sheep, which he does. The little boy is named Prince, and he lives on a tiny planet called Asteroid 3-25 The narrator tells us that the prince came from a tiny planet called Asteroid 612. He says that grown ups never ask children questions about their lives, and that this is why it is so important to tell us the exact name of the planet. He also says that he is going to try to draw a picture of the prince, so that people who live on other planets can see what the little prince looked like. The little prince says that the baobs are bad because they eat the bushes on the little planet. The asteroid is so small that the seeds of bad plants can get everywhere. The prince says he wants the children on Earth to know about the dangers of the bad plants, so he asks the narratator to draw the planet with all of its bad plants. He is so worried about the children's safety that if the children ask him why he didn't draw any other planet, he will tell them that it is because the other planet is so much more beautiful and impressive. The narrator explains that he was inspired to draw the baobs because the little prince asked him to. The baobab is the only drawing in the book that is as impressive as the others. The little Prince has found his only entertainment in looking at the sun. One day he asks him to look at it again. The two of them wait until the sun sets. The Little Prince says he loves the sunset when he is sad. On the Fifth day, the Little Prince asks the narrator if a sheep eat flowers. The he says yes, even flowers with thorny stems. The prince asks if the twigs are of any use, and the little man says that they are just for spite. He says that the flowers believe that their stems are weapons against the sheep. The Prince retorts that flowers are weak creatures, and that they reassure themselves that their weapons are terrible. He tells him that the sheep are weak too, and eat the flowers. He explains to the little Prince that the flower is not important, because the sheep have always eaten the flowers, and they have been doing so for millions of year. He adds that if one little sheep ate the flower, it would darken all the stars in the sky. Then he sobs. He is so upset that the little boy is unable to continue. The night has fallen, and it is now time for the little hammer to be put away. He takes the prince in his arms and comforts him. He promises to protect the flower that the prince loves. He draws a rail around the flower so that it will not be in danger. He feels awkward and blunders. He learns to know the flower better. The flower had always been simple, but one day a new type of flower sprouted from a single seed. The seed was blown away from no one. The new flower was not like the other flowers, for it had many petals. It was a troublesome flower to look after, but the prince was happy to do so. One morning, the flower woke up and showed herself. She was dressed in the most beautiful colors, and her petals were perfectly arranged. She yawed and said that she was barely awake. She asked the prince to think of her needs, The little prince is saddened by the fact that he has been deceived by the flower. He tells the flower he loves her and asks her forgiveness. The flower tells him to be happy and not to worry about her anymore. The little Prince goes to visit the King on his planet. He asks the King if he can watch the sunset. The King says he will, but only after he makes sure that the conditions are favorable. The Little Prince is bored, so he asks if there is anyone to judge on his kingdom. The king says there is, but he is too old to make a thorough tour of his kingdom and he tires easily walking. He then tells his little prince to judge himself. The prince says if that is the case, he does not need to stay on his little planet. Then the king tells of an old, dying rat that the little prince will have to judge from time to time. The old rat is the only living creature on the little Prince's planet. The little prince is preparing to leave the planet when the king tells him that he will be his ambassador to other worlds. On the second planet, a man wears a special hat to raise in greeting when someone admires him. The hat raises in a salute to the little prince when he passes by. The prince is bored with the game and asks the man if a compliment is really necessary. The man says that admiration means that the man considers him to be handsome, the best dressed, richest and most intelligent man in the universe. The little Prince is puzzled by the grown-up's odd behavior. The third planet is inhabited by an alcoholic tippler who drinks to forget his shame. The fourth and fifth planets are occupied by businessmen. The fifth is the smallest and most bizarre of all the planets. It has no people and no houses. On this planet, the little Prince finds a streetlighter who lights a lamp to bring life to a star or flower. The next planet is small, with just enough room for a lamp-lighter and a street-lamp. The prince finds the lamp- lighter absurd, but argues that his job has some meaning, since he lights the lamp and sends a flower or a star to sleep. When the prince arrives on the planet, he salutes the lamp lighter and asks why he has just put out the lamp. The lamp- lighter responds with orders. The orders have not changed since the old days, indicating that the planet has been turning faster and faster since then. Now, the orders have to be changed every single minute. The planet is turning faster every minute, meaning that the lamp lighter has to light his lamp every minute to keep it from going out. This is very funny to the prince, who thinks that a day only lasts one minute in his world. The little Prince explains that he can rest whenever he wants to, since the planet is only three steps wide. He tells the man that the one thing he loves in life is sleep. The man is unlucky, and the little prince is sorry to leave him. The sixth planet is ten times bigger than the fifth, and it is inhabited by a man named a geologist. The geologist is a scientist who knows where all the oceans are, rivers, mountains, deserts, and towns are. He is not a explorer, because he does not go out to explore. He receives explorers and notes what they say about their travels in his books. If the explorer tells lies or drinks too much, his reputation as an explorer will be ruined. If a good explorer is found, then an inquiry is made into his discovery. Then there is re-examination of the discovery. When a new explorer arrives, the geologist asks him to describe his planet. The Prince says that his planet is not very exciting, since it is so small. He has three volcanoees, two of which are active and one of which is extinct, but one never knows. He also has a beautiful flower, but the geographer says that they do not record the flowers because they are "ephemal," which means that they are in danger of quick disappearance. The flower is in danger, the prince thinks, because it has The narrator tells us that before electricity, it was necessary "to maintain over the whole six continents" a "veritable army" of 462,512 lamplighters, or streetlights. This would allow people to see the entire planet from a distance. He also warns us not to mislead our readers. He says that if all the people on Earth were crowded into a single square, it would only take up a small portion of the planet. The little Prince is surprised to find no people when he first arrives on Earth. He meets a snake, who tells him that he has come to Earth from another planet. They talk for a while, and the little Prince tries to figure out where the people are. The snake explains that there are no men in the desert, and that the Earth is large. The Little Prince wonders if one day he might be able "to find his own planet again" . He crosses the desert and meets with only one plant, a three-petaled flower. He asks the flower where the men are, but the flower says that they are lost in the wind. Then the little prince climbs a mountain, hoping to get a good view of the whole planet. He sees nothing, except peaks of sharp rock. He greets the echo, who replies, "Good morning. He then walks through the desert until he comes to a road, which leads to the homes of men. The prince says good morning to the roses, who reply, "We are Roses." He is saddened to realize that his flower, which had told him he was unique, is not true. He falls down and cries. A fox appears and asks him to play. He tells the fox he is looking for friends, and he asks what "tame" means. "To be tamé" means to establish "ties." The fox says that, to him, the prince is nothing more than "a little boy," and that taming him will make him "unique in the world." The prince is beginning to understand, and says that there is a plant that has "tamed" him. The frog says that on Earth, one sees "all sorts of things," but that this is not the The little prince tells the fox that he believes the flower has tampered him. The frightened fox tells him that on earth he sees all kinds of things, but that on his new planet there are no hunters. He says he is bored because he hunts chickens and men hunt him, and all of them are just like each other. He tells his little prince that if he tamests him, he will be as happy as the sun coming to shine on his life. He adds that the wheat fields will bring him back to the thought of the little prince and the wind in his hair. The prince asks how he can be a friend to him. He explains that men have no time to understand things, and so they buy things ready-made at the stores. He asks what he should do to tame the frog. The little Prince says if the tailed fox sits a little farther away from him every day, a misunderstanding will be avoided. The next day, the prince comes back. He wants to come back the same hour, but the sly fox says that one must observe the "proper rites" to make a day different from the other days. He mentions that his hunters dance with village girls on Thursdays, and if they danced at any other time, every week would be just like the other weeks. The young prince tans the little fox, and when the time comes for him to leave, the rascally fox cries. The Prince says it is his own fault, and the naive fox admits that it was his fault that the little Prince wanted him to be his friend. He then tells them to look at their roses again, and then he gives them a secret. The Little Prince goes back and looks at his roses. He sees that they are not at once like his rose, but they are like no one else's rose. He goes on to say that no one has ever made him his friend, and no one is making him his now. The roses are embarrassed. Then he goes back to meet his fox. He gives the little man a final secret: "I have wasted time for my rose that makes my rose so important. It is the time that The Prince and the Peddler travel for hours in the desert until they find a well. The Prince is thirsty and asks for water. The peddler agrees that water may be good for his heart. They rest for a while, and the Prince says that the desert is beautiful because of the hidden well. He remembers that when he was young, he lived in a house with a secret hidden in its heart. He agrees with the Prince that the secret of the desert and the stars is "something invisible." The Prince says he is glad that he agrees. As the Prince sleeps, the peddler takes him in his arms and sets out walking again. He feels deeply moved by the Prince's devotion to a "flower." He feels the need to protect the Prince as if the Prince were a fire that needed to be put out. He finds the well at daybreak, and everything is ready for the Prince to use it. The well is like a village, but there is no village, and he thinks he has dreamed. He raises the bucket to the edge and sets it there, happy, tired, over his achievement. He hears the well singing, and gives the Prince a drink. The water is as sweet as "some special festival treat." He says that men in his town raise 5,000 roses, but they don't find what they're looking for in them. He adds that what they are searching for can be found in "one single rose or a small water." The little prince asks if it's true that the men in the village raise 5000 roses and they don1t find it. He says it is true, but the eyes are "blind." The sand at sunrise is honey, and that makes him happy. The Little Prince asks the pediatrician to draw a muzzle for his sheep. The little Prince laughs at the zookeeper's drawings. He asks why he doesn1t know howto draw anything except "boa constrictor from the outside." Then he says that tomorrow will be the anniversary of his descent to earth. He flushes a little. Then again, without knowing why, the little prince has a strange feeling of sorrow. He tells the little pediatron that  The little prince tells Victor that he is going back to his home planet. Victor is afraid, but the little prince laughs at him. He tells him that the star will be right above his home, and that the stars will all be his friends. He will make him a present of a pulley so he can watch the stars at night. He laughs again, and says that when his sorrows are comforted, he will always be his friend. He says that if the snake bites him, it will have no poison left for a bite. Then the prince leaves, and Victor catches up with him. The prince says that it was wrong of him to come, and explains that the body will be too heavy for him to carry. He is afraid that the flower, which is his responsibility, will be eaten by the sheep. He falls and dies, and now six years later, Victor has never told the story. He has been happy since he returned, but now he wonders what happened to the flower. He forgot to put the leather strap on the muzzle. He wonders whether the sheep have eaten it. The little bells on the sheep'll be changed to tears. The landscape is the same, but Victor has drawn it again so that it will be easy to recognize it if someone comes upon it. He asks the reader not to hurry, and to wait for he little prince, who laughs and has golden hair