The narrator tells the story of how he became a pilot. When he was six, he saw a drawing of a snake swallowing an elephant and was fascinated by it. He began to draw pictures of these creatures, but the adults around him would not understand his drawings and told him to stop drawing and to concentrate on his studies. So he gave up drawing and became ill. He learned to fly and traveled around the world. He met many adults along the way, but they could not understand him and would always tell him to draw hats. He lived his life alone until he had an accident and was stranded in the Sahara Desert. He was rescued by a small boy who asked him to make him a sheep because he could not find any. The savage boy asked him not to draw the sheep because it was already sick, but to draw another. The boy looked at the first drawing and said that it was not the sheep he wanted, but rather a rooster with horns The next morning, Jim wakes up to find a little boy asking him to draw him a sheep, which he does. The little boy, who identifies himself as Prince, is a bit cross with Jim for not being able to draw a better sheep than the one he has already drawn. After a few attempts, Jim manages to convince the little boy that the sheep is inside his box, which is much smaller than the sheep he originally asked to be drawn The narrator explains how the little prince got the sheep. He explains that the prince asked for a very old sheep, and the narrator gave him a sheep with a long life. The prince was very happy, and he asked the benefactor many questions. The benefactress told him that the sheep was very small, and would not need a lot of grass, since he lived on a tiny planet. The little Prince asked many questions, but never seemed to listen to the eminent scholar's answers. He asked if he could fly, and learned that the little man could. The Prince asked a few more questions, and then seemed to lose interest in the subject. He told the little scholar that the box he had given him was a house, and that at night, the prince could use it as a shelter. He offered to tie the sheep to a post, but the prince was shocked at the idea. He said that the place where he lives was so small that no matter where the sheep went, he would never be far from home. He explained that the planet where the little Prince came from was no bigger than a small house. He then told the reader that he knew the name of the planet, and explained that it was called Asteroid 612. He then explained that when a grown-up tells a child that they have made new friends, they never inquire about the new friend's voice, games, love of butterflies, or anything else. They only ask how old he is, how many brothers he has, how much money his father makes, and how much he weighs The narrator tells us that the prince came from a tiny, distant planet called Asteroid 612. He says that grown-up astronomers have only once seen this planet, in 1909, when a Turkish scientist presented a fake report about its existence. Since then, Turkish dictators have forced their subjects to change their costumes to European ones, so the report has been accepted by the rest of the world. So, if you're going to tell a child that there's a prince living on a distant planet, you better make sure that you can back up your story with facts. Otherwise, the child will treat you like an idiot. The child starts out by telling us that he's going to write a story about a boy who lives on an alien planet and needs a sheep to survive. He's not going to lie, though--he'll tell us as much as he can about the boy and his life. He also buys some paints and pencils so he will have something to draw with. The narrator begins this story by explaining that he would have liked to start it in the style of a fairy tale, with a simple story about a little Prince who needed a sheep. But the story is too real, and he has too much grief to set it down. He has bought some paints and pencils so that, when he grows up, he can draw. He makes some mistakes, and his friend never explains to him why he is making these mistakes. One day, the little Prince asks the narrator if it is true that sheep also eat small bushes. The little Prince then asks if, since sheep eat bushes, then it follows that baoba trees also grow out of little bushes The narrator explains that the little prince is trying to teach the reader a lesson about the dangers of ignorance. He tells us that the prince wants the sheep to "eat" the baobaobabs because they are bad seeds that will spread the entire planet if left to grow unchecked. The little prince explains to the benefactor that it is very important to keep the bamaos under control. He asks the narrator to draw a picture of the planet so that other children can see it and learn from it. He says that he has tried to make other pictures in the book more impressive, but that a drawing like this one is the only one that has succeeded. The benefactress says that she has learned a lot from the little Prince, and that she is happy that she was able to help him. She says that the Prince has been looking at the sun for a while, and one day , he asked her to wait until it was time for it to set so that they could look at it. She said that they must wait for the sunset, and the Prince was surprised and amused. He said that on his tiny planet, the sun sets at any time of day, and he was happy because he could see it whenever he liked. The Prince then asked her if the sheep ate flowers, and she answered that they did, even flowers with thorny stems. The Little Prince asked him if flowers had any use at all, and when he answered that flowers had thars just for "spite," the eminent neurologist said that flowers were "naive" and that they believed their thurs were "terrible weapons The narrator explains how he came to draw the baobaobabs. He says that he had tried to draw other things, but he could not do them as well as this baobab. The little prince had found his only entertainment in looking at sunsets. One day, the little prince asked the rabbi if a sheep ate flowers, too. The rabbis answer was yes, and the little Prince asked if flowers have a use, too? The little Prince did not believe him. He said that flowers were weak and naive, and that they believed that their horns were terrible weapons. Then he said that the rabbins were busy with "matter of consequence." The rambled on about how a man who did not love anything could not be a real man, because he was busy with matters "of consequence." He then compared himself to a mushroom, which he says is the same as a flower that is destroyed by a little sheep The little prince again tries to convince the narrator that the flowers are important, but the ominous voice of the monster again interrupts. This time, the monster explains, the flowers have been eaten by the sheep, and the sheep have destroyed the one flower on his planet that grows nowhere but there. The monster is so upset that he falls to the ground, weeping. The little Prince comforts him and promises to protect the flower from the monster's wrath. The Little Prince learns to love the flower better. The flowers on his planet were always very simple, with only one petal. One day he notices a new type of flower sprouting from a small seed. He watches it grow for days, until it is ready to bloom. The flower dresses herself in the prince's colors and waits for days for the perfect moment to emerge. When she does, she asks him to water her. She also begins to tease him, saying things like, "Let tigers with their clawes come to my planet." The little Prince objects, saying there are no such creatures on his world, and that, anyway, they do not like weeds. She then says she has a fear of drafts, and asks the prince to put her under a globe at night. She interrupts herself at this point and says she came from another world, so she cannot know anything of his world. She coughs, which makes the little prince very unhappy. He tells her he ought not to listen to her, and he regrets that he did. He says he was too young, and flowers are so inconsistent, to love her. He then cleans out his volcanoes and prepares to leave. He watered her for one last time and was close to tears, but she did not reproach him. She said she had been silly, and asked him to be happy. The little prince is saddened by what he has heard from the flower. He realizes that he had been foolish to listen to her and had run away from his love. He cleans out his volcanoes and bids farewell to the flower, who asks him to try to be happy. The prince goes to visit an asteroidal kingdom, and the king orders him to sit down The little prince is on a mission to learn about the universe. He arrives at an asteroidal kingdom ruled by a King. The King asks the little prince why he is yawning, since it is improper for a monarch to do so. The prince explains that he has had no sleep since he arrived and has therefore been standing upright. The king orders him to yewn again, but the prince cannot help sighing. The little Prince wonders at the King's authority. The Prince asks if the King rules over everything. The answer is yes, the King says, and the stars obey the King. He does not permit in subordination. The Little Prince ask the King to order the sun to rise. The question of the timing of the sun's rising is answered by the King with a huff. The sunset will be at about twenty-minutes to eight p.m., according to his "science of government." The Prince is beginning to be bored, and he tells the King he will set out on his way again. But the King tells him not to go, and promises to make him a Minister of Justice The little prince asks the King if he rules over everything. The King answers that he does rule over everything, and that the stars obey him instantly. The Little Prince is amazed. He wishes he had such authority. He asks if the King can order the sun to rise. The little Prince reminds the king that if his orders are unreasonable, people will revolt. The king says that a general must follow orders that are reasonable. He tells the Little Prince that unless he is in a favorable situation, he will wait until the sun sets. The Prince is bored. He says he wants to go back to his own planet. Then the King tells him he can become a minister of justice. The prince says there is no one to judge on his own world, and the King says that is true. He adds that the little prince can judge himself anywhere. He explains that there is a old rat on his other world that the prince will condemn to death, but that the rat will be pardoned on each occasion. The young prince says that now he plans to go on his way. He does not want the King to grieve him. He wants to leave immediately. He gives the King one minute to give him an order. The Young Prince leaves. On his way to the other world, the Prince encounters a man who is wearing a strange hat The little prince is on his way back to the kingdom when he comes across a tavern owner who is drinking. The owner tells the little prince that he is ashamed of drinking. He has been doing this for years so that when people come to visit him, he will not have to explain himself. When the prince asks him what he means, the owner explains that his business has suffered because he has spent so much time worrying about things that are not important The little prince is traveling through space when he comes across a tidbit of information that throws him for a loop. A tippler is a person who sells drinks to people. The tipped-off the tipplet that he was ashamed of his drinking, and the little prince tries to help him, but he is too ashamed to speak. The little Prince continues on his journey, wondering why the grown-Ups are so odd. He comes across another businessman, who is very occupied. The business man tells the little Prince that if he were not occupied, he would be disturbed by the amount of money he has amassed. The prince asks him what he does with all this money. He learns that the businessman owns the stars, which makes him very rich. He then asks how it is possible for one person to own these stars. The man explains that it is like owning a diamond or an island. You can only own something if nobody else ever thought of it. Then he puts the number of stars he owns on a piece of paper and keeps it in a safe. The Little Prince finds the idea of owning the stars poetic, but says that it has no great consequence. The little prince asks the businessman what he does with the stars. The businessman says that he owns the stars, just like a diamond or an island. He counts them every day and puts them in a safe. The prince thinks that this is all very poetic, but not very practical. He then comes across a lamp-lighter, who lights a single lamp on a tiny planet. The lamplighter tells the prince that since the orders for the planet have not changed, he has to light his lamp every single day. The little Prince is impressed by the lamplighters devotion to his orders, and he tells him that there is a way to rest whenever he wants to The little prince finds himself on a strange fifth planet with no people and no houses. He meets a lamp-lighter, who lights his lamp according to orders. The orders have not changed since the lamp- lighter first lit his lamp, thirty days ago. The lamplighter tells the little prince that he is unlucky because he has to light his lamp every single minute. The prince tells him that on his tiny planet, he can rest whenever he wants to. He explains that if the planet were larger, three strides would take him around the planet, but on this tiny planet he only needs to walk a little to rest. The little Prince thinks that the lamplighters' planet is too small to support two people. The sixth planet is ten times bigger than the fifth, and it is inhabited by a man named a geologist. The geologist tells Prince Alcibiades that the only people who go exploring on his planet are his employees, who note down what they see and hear The Little Prince travels to the sixth planet, which is ten times bigger than his own. An old gentleman lives on the planet and writes books about it. The man who lives on this sixth planet is a "geographer," which means he studies the earth and its people. The little Prince is very excited to meet a real person with a profession, and a job, rather than just traveling around and taking pictures like a lot of other people do. The geologist tells the little prince that he does not go out and explore the earth; instead, he records what explorers say about their travels in his books. If a explorer lies, or if he drinks too much, his reputation as an explorer will be ruined. Then a new inquiry will be ordered into his discoveries. The narrator tells us that the geographer's books are like "the books which,of all books,are most concernedwith matters of consequence." In other words, they're the books that tell us about the most important things in the world. The Little prince is disappointed that his flower isn't recorded in the books. The flower is "ephemal," which is Latin for "in danger of speedily disappearance." The little prince is sad that a flower is in danger, but he takes courage and asks the geologist where he should go next. The Geographer tells him to go to the planet Earth, which has a reputation for being a good place to live. The little prince tells the geographer that he lives on a tiny planet with three active volcanoes and one extinct volcano. The geographer tells him that his planet is called an ephelial planet because it is in danger "of speedy disappearence." The prince regrets leaving his flower on his tiny planet, but he takes courage and asks the Geographer what planet he should visit next. The Geographer says that the Earth is a good planet with a population of 2,000,000,000 people. The Little Prince is disappointed to find that there are no humans on the Earth. He meets a snake that tells his story. The narrator tells us that before electricity was invented, it would have been necessary to maintain an army of 46,511 street lamplighters to light the streets of the world. This would be a magnificent sight to be seen from a distance. He also warns us not to mislead the reader by giving an incorrect idea of how big the earth is. He says that if all the two billion people on earth were crowded into a small space, they would fill up a tiny Pacific island. The little Prince is surprised to find no people when he first arrives on earth. He meets a snake who explains that he has come from the moon. The snake carries the little prince far away from the earth, and the two of them talk for a while. Then the snake disappears. The prince crosses the desert and meets only one flower, who tells him that there are six to seven caravans of men traveling across the desert. He climbs a mountain to get a better view of the earth. But he sees nothing. He asks the echo who he is. The echo tells the prince he belongs to no one. The little prince meets a snake. The snake explains that he has come to Earth because he is lonely. The little Prince asks where the men are, and the snake replies that they are scattered in the desert. He pities the little Prince for his homesickness, and promises to help him if he ever grows homesick. The Little Prince meets merely a flower. The flower tells him that she once saw a caravan pass by, but that the wind blows the caravan away, making it difficult to find. The Prince climbs a high hill, hoping to see the entire planet at once. He sees nothing, save the peaks of sharp rock. He greets the echo, who replies, "Good morning. The prince is all alone. The echo says, "I am alone. He thinks that this is a strange planet, with no imagination and no people. He comes upon a garden full of roses. He asks them who they are. They reply, "we are roses." He is saddened because his flower told him that they were the only ones of their kind in the universe. He imagines how his flower would react if she saw that there were thousands of them in a single garden. He lies down in the garden and cries. The fox appears. He tells the little prince that, although he lives in the forest, he cannot play with him because the fox has not been tammed. The boy asks what "tame" means, and he learns that it means "to establish ties. The two animals agree that if the boy tames him, then they will need each other, and become unique in the world. The little prince walks through the sand and snow until he comes to a road, where he sees a garden full of roses. He asks who they are, and they tell him they are roses, just like him. He is saddened because his flower had said that he was unique, and here were thousands of them all looking exactly the same. He thinks of how his flower would be if he saw that, and imagines how he would have to pretend to nurse her back to health if she saw that. He falls down and cries, and the fox comes out of the apple tree to greet him. The little Prince says he is unhappy because he cannot play with the Fox, who says that I am not Tame. The Little Prince asks what Tame means, so the Fox explains that it is an act that is too often neglected, and that it means to Establish Ties. To him, the Little Prince is nothing more than another little boy, and he has no need of him, but the little Prince has no use of the Fox. If the two of them are tamied, then they will need each other, and then the two will be unique. The Prince is beginning to understand, but he still does not understand why the flower has tampered the Fox The little prince asks the fox if there are other animals on his new world. The taming will make him different from all of the other animals. The little Prince asks what he must do to tame the frightened fox. The Fox tells him to sit in the grass and not to say anything. The next day, the little prince comes back. He asks why it is better to come at a certain time. Thefox says that if he came at any time, he would never know what time it was. He tells the little Prince that he should come at the same time every day and that one must observe the appropriate rites. When the time comes to leave, the Little Prince cries. The Little Prince says that it is his fault, but that the Fox wanted the Prince to help him. Then he says that now the  Fox is going to cry, and that it has done him no good. He says that the color of wheat fields has made him good. The Prince goes to look at his roses again, and he tells them that they are not like his rose at all. He goes on to say that no one has ever taken care of his rose, and no one will ever take care of them. The roses are embarrassed. The prince goes back to say good-bye to the Fox. He then tells his secret: it is only with his heart that one sees rightly. He repeats the secret so that the reader will remember. It is the time that the prince has wasted for his rose that makes his rose so important. The reader is reminded that men have forgotten this secret, but the Fox reminds him not to forget it The Little Prince tames the fox before he leaves. The fox tells him that he has done him no good, because the color of wheat fields has made him cry. The little prince goes back to look at the flowers and tells them that they are not like his rose. He says that no one has ever taken the time to make them like him, and no one will ever take the time for him. He tells the roses that it is because of her that they have been put under the globe, because it is her that has protected them from the sun, and because it has been for her that the little prince has killed the butterflies The little prince and the switchman watch as three express trains pass them by. The switchman tells the little prince that the trains are not looking for anyone. He adds that the children are the ones who are looking for the rag doll. The little Prince asks a merchant why he is selling pills that quell thirst. The merchant explains that the pills save time. The Little Prince says that he would like to spend his time walking at his leisure towards a fresh spring of water. The narrator pauses to reflect on his own situation. He has been in the desert for eight days and has not yet repaired his plane. He also feels very tired. He asks the Little Prince to walk with him towards the well. The Prince agrees. They walk for several hours in the dark until they reach a well. When they sit down to rest, the Prince tells him that the stars are beautiful because of the "flower that can be seen." The desert is beautiful, he adds. The desert has a secret, the little Prince says. He tells his little prince about his own childhood in a deserted house where a treasure had been buried. The prince agrees with him. As the prince falls asleep, the narrator takes him in his arms and sets out walking again. He feels deeply moved and stirred and thinks of the fragile treasure he carries. He looks at the sleeping prince and feels the need to protect him. He finds the well at daybreak The little prince and the narrator walk for hours in the desert until they find a well. The prince says that water may be good for both of them. The fox agrees with him. As the prince sleeps, the musketeer takes the little prince in his arms and walks again. He feels moved by the prince's devotion to a "flower" that is invisible to everyone but him. He walks on until he finds the well, which is unlike any well he has ever seen. The well has a pulley and a bucket, and everything seems ready for use. When the prince drinks the water, it is as sweet as a festival treat. He says that the men in his town raise five thousand rosebushes but do not find what they are searching for. The little Prince agrees, but he adds that one must look with his heart. The water makes the fox happy, and he asks the little Prince to keep his promise to make him a sheep muzzle The Prince and the Little Prince have woken up the well, but it is not a well like the well in the Sahara, which is dug in sand, but a real well. The pulley is working, and the bucket is ready. The Prince asks for some water, and David gives him a bucket full of it. The water tastes sweet, and it makes the Prince happy. He asks David to keep his promise and to draw a sheep muzzle for him. David says that he does not know how to do that, but the Prince says that children understand. He laughs at David's drawings, and then asks if he knows how to draw animals. David does not, and he is upset. The Little Prince says he came down to the well on his descent to earth, and that tomorrow will be his anniversary. David is sad, and wonders why he has come here. He remembers the fox, and is afraid that the Prince will weep. The next evening, David sees the Prince sitting on a wall with his feet in the air. He hears him say that this isn't the exact spot, but that it's the right day. David walks towards the wall, but doesn't see anyone. The prince tells him to wait for him there, and asks him if the poison will make him suffer too long. David stops in his tracks, and his heart torments him. The little Prince tells David not to worry, and to go away. David drops his eyes and jumps into the air, where he sees a yellow snake. He jumps back, but at the noise he makes, the snake disappears. David catches the Prince in his arms. He wonders what the Prince is talking with. Then he realizes that the little Prince has been moistened with water. The Prince tells Jim that he will be returning to his engine that evening. He tells him that the place where he landed is not the same as the place he is going to. Jim sees a snake on the ground near the spot where the Prince is supposed to meet him. He runs away, but the snake disappears before he can get away. When he gets to the spot, Jim finds the Prince in his arms. He looks very serious. The Prince says that now he has solved the problem with his engine, he should be able to go back home. He adds that it is much harder than he thought it would be. He is afraid, but laughs at Jim's concern. He says that tonight will be the year anniversary of his arrival on earth. Jim asks him if it is a dream. The prince says that the important thing is the thing he cannot see. He gives Jim a present: a book about the stars. The little man tells Victor that he is going back home, but it is much farther than he thought it would be. He is afraid, and he laughs lightly at the thought of it. He tells him that a year from now, he will be able to find his star right above where he came to the earth. He says that if you look up to the stars, you will find all kinds of beautiful things there. He also says that when he looks up at the night sky, all the stars will laugh at him. He laughs again, and says that, when his sorrows are comforted , you'll be his friend. You'll want to open your window and laugh with him. Then, when you tell your friends that the stars make you laugh, they'll think you're crazy. He warns him not to come back that night, because the snake will bite him. When he comes back, a few days later, the little man says that it was wrong of him to come. He will look like he's dead, and it won't be true The prince tells Alphonse that he will be living in one of the star systems, and that if Alphonses ever looks up at the night sky, he should laugh because the stars will always make him laugh. Alone with the prince, Virgil explains that the prince is worried that the snake will bite him. The prince reassures him that the poison in the snake's bite will not be enough to kill him. That night, the prince and Alphonze walk together. The Prince is worried about what will happen to his body when he reaches Earth. He is afraid that Alphonze will see him as if he were dead, and explains to him that his body is too heavy to carry with him. He explains, however, that his shell will be like a "old abandoned shell," and that there is nothing sad in old shells. He then explains his responsibility for the flower on his planet. He says that the flower is weak and naive, and has only four horns to protect herself. He sits down because he is afraid, and then he gets up. He takes one step, and falls down. He does not cry out, and does not make any noise. Six years have passed since then. The companion who met the prince on his return were happy to see him alive, but Alphonza tells them that she is tired. Now her sorrow is lessened, but she still feels that the Prince did not return to his planet because she did not find him at dawn. She loves to look at the starry sky at night, and she wonders what is happening to the little prince. She thinks that the sheep have eaten the flower. At other times, she is happy and the laughter of the stars is sweet. But then she thinks of the times when the prince was absent-minded and the bells were changed to tears. She tells the reader that this is the "loveliest and saddiest landscape" in the world Six years have passed. The narrator has never told this story to anyone, but he feels a little better about it now that he knows the little prince went back to his own planet. He still wonders what happened to the little Prince, though. Maybe the sheep ate the flower? The little prince keeps a flower in a glass globe, which he keeps under his pillow at night. Sometimes he forgets to put the glass globe under the pillow, and the sheep get out and eat the flower. At other times, the sheep do not get out at all. The little bells on the hut are changed to crying bells. This is the loveliest, saddest place in the world, according to the Little Prince. If you ever find yourself in this place, look up at the stars and ask yourself if the sheep have eaten the flower